So there are many vulnerable mobile apps that intentionally contain vulnerabilities, right?
Their purpose is to enable security professionals like you and me to test their tools and techniques
legally.
So that helps developers better understand the common pitfalls in developing mobile apps securely.
Right.
So throughout the course will be using this app called Insecure Bank V to.
We'll also use the dam vulnerable hybrid mobile app and cyber truck challenges, well, this will practice
and enhance our hacking skills.
So we'll start with the insecure bank application.
So it contains the following flaws.
Insecure login mechanism.
Hidden button in the login mechanism.
Developer Log-in, insecure data storage debug mode enabled.
Backup mode enabled, insecure logging, route detection, bypass, insecure web view implementation.
Android pasteboard vulnerability, Android keyboard vulnerability.
Insecure HTP connexions.
Parameter manipulation, user enumeration.
I mean, you see, so this is great will perform our test by dividing them into two main topics, static
analysis and dynamic analysis.
So the static analysis is a testing methodology that analyzes source code to find security vulnerabilities
that make your organisation's applications susceptible to attack.
Dynamic analysis is the testing and evaluation of a program by executing data in real time.
The objective there is to find errors in a program while it's running rather than by repeatedly examining
the code off-line.
So it kind of gets me excited.
And if you're excited, too, let's start Statik, analyzing these vulnerabilities.